feat: Apify mcp docs (#1)
apify/apify-goose-integration: documentation/docs/mcp/apify-mcp.md

  Use `Add custom extension` in Settings → Extensions to add a `Streamable HTTP` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
  Use `goose configure` to add a `Remote Extension (Streaming HTTP)` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

  **Endpoint URL**
  ```
  https://mcp.apify.com
  ```
:::

## Configuration

<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
    1. Click the <PanelLeft className="inline" size={16} /> button in the top-left to open the sidebar
    2. Click `Extensions`
    3. Click `Add custom extension`
    4. On the `Add custom extension` modal, enter the following:
       - **Extension Name**: Apify
       - **Type**: Streamable HTTP
       - **Endpoint**: `https://mcp.apify.com` 
    5. Click `+ Add` to save the header
    6. Click `Add Extension` to save the extension
    7. You will be taken to the OAuth screen
    8. Navigate to the chat
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI" default>
      <CLIExtensionInstructions
        name="apify-mcp"
        type="http"
        url="https://mcp.apify.com"
        timeout={300}
      />
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage

> The Apify MCP server lets you connect Goose to [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store), a marketplace of thousands of ready-made tools (called _Actors_) for all kinds of web scraping, crawling, and data extraction use cases.

Reviewer: one more thing, perhaps a link here to Actor whitepaper? Or docs article about [Actors](https://docs.apify.com/platform/actors)?

In this example, Goose will use the [RAG Website Browser](https://console.apify.com/actors/3ox4R101TgZz67sLr/input) Actor to identify the most credible, top-rated Italian restaurant in Prague based on public ratings, reviews, and fine-dining recognition.

> #### Goose Prompt

Reviewer: Any reason why we jump from H2 to H4?

> In this example, Goose will use the [RAG Website Browser](https://console.apify.com/actors/3ox4R101TgZz67sLr/input) Actor to identify the most credible, top-rated Italian restaurant in Prague based on public ratings, reviews, and fine-dining recognition.

Reviewer 2: Pls link to https://apify.com/apify/rag-web-browser not Console

Reviewer 2: For this kind of search, it's better to use https://apify.com/compass/crawler-google-places and IMO it's safe

Reviewer 2: Let's use it, it provides a better example

---
title: Apify Extension

> description: Add Apify MCP Server as a Goose Extension

Reviewer: Why is server and extension uppercase?

Reviewer 2: See https://block.github.io/goose/docs/category/mcp-servers/

---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import CLIExtensionInstructions from '@site/src/components/CLIExtensionInstructions';
import GooseDesktopInstaller from '@site/src/components/GooseDesktopInstaller';
import { PanelLeft } from 'lucide-react';

> This tutorial covers how to add the [Apify MCP Server](https://mcp.apify.com) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to call thousands tools from [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) to extract data from social media, e-commerce sites, search engines, online maps, or any other website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial covers how to add the [Apify MCP Server](https://mcp.apify.com) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to call thousands of tools from [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) to extract data from social media, e-commerce sites, search engines, online maps, or any other website.
```

Reviewer: Also why is here `server` uppercase and in other places lowercase? In further comment I recommend sticking to lowercase as this is how we refer to it in our own documentation

Author: Here it is a link, do you think I should also make this one lowercase?

Reviewer 2: True, here it should be lowercase

> :::tip TLDR
> <Tabs groupId="interface">
>   <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
>   Use `Add custom extension` in Settings → Extensions to add a `Streamable HTTP` extension type with:
>   </TabItem>
>   <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
>   Use `goose configure` to add a `Remote Extension (Streaming HTTP)` extension type with:
>   </TabItem>
> </Tabs>
> 
>   **Endpoint URL**
>   ```
>   https://mcp.apify.com
>   ```
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Quick setup
<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
  Use `Add custom extension` in Settings → Extensions to add a `Streamable HTTP` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
  Use `goose configure` to add a `Remote Extension (Streaming HTTP)` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

  **Endpoint URL**
  ```
  https://mcp.apify.com
  ```
:::
```

## Configuration

<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
    1. Click the <PanelLeft className="inline" size={16} /> button in the top-left to open the sidebar
    2. Click `Extensions`
    3. Click `Add custom extension`
    4. On the `Add custom extension` modal, enter the following:
       - **Extension Name**: Apify
       - **Type**: Streamable HTTP
       - **Endpoint**: `https://mcp.apify.com` 
    5. Click `+ Add` to save the header
    6. Click `Add Extension` to save the extension
    7. You will be taken to the OAuth screen
    8. Navigate to the chat
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI" default>
      <CLIExtensionInstructions
        name="apify-mcp"
        type="http"
        url="https://mcp.apify.com"
        timeout={300}
      />
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage

> The Apify MCP server lets you connect Goose to [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store), a marketplace of thousands of ready-made tools (called _Actors_) for all kinds of web scraping, crawling, and data extraction use cases.

Reviewer: sometimes server is uppercase, sometimes it's lower case, we should be consistent with that. In our own docs we refer to it with lowercase server and I would propose to stick with it.

In this example, Goose will find an Actor for [scraping LinkedIn posts](https://apify.com/store/categories?search=linkedin) to perform a quick research.

- **Thousands of public Actors** for sites like LinkedIn, Google, Amazon, Airbnb  
- **Custom Actors** you can build and run privately  

> - **Datasets** store structured results automatically, accessible via API  

Reviewer: what is this section supposed to be? Listing the possibilities when using Apify? It feels somewhat disjointed, can I get a little bit of context here?

Reviewer 2: Indeed, I'd remove it too

---
title: Apify Extension

> description: Add Apify as a Goose Extension

Reviewer 2: Pls let's change this to: Add Apify MCP server as a Goose Extension

---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
import CLIExtensionInstructions from '@site/src/components/CLIExtensionInstructions';
import GooseDesktopInstaller from '@site/src/components/GooseDesktopInstaller';
import { PanelLeft } from 'lucide-react';

> This tutorial covers how to add the [Apify MCP Server](https://github.com/apify/apify-mcp-server) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to fetch context directly from Apify’s 6,000+ ready-to-use web scrapers.

Reviewer 2: Pls let's change to:

> This tutorial covers how to add the [Apify MCP Server](https://mcp.apify.com) as a Goose extension, enabling Goose to call thousands tools from [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store) to extract data from social media, e-commerce sites, search engines, online maps, or any other website.

:::tip TLDR
<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
  Use `Add custom extension` in Settings → Extensions to add a `Streamable HTTP` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI">
  Use `goose configure` to add a `Remote Extension (Streaming HTTP)` extension type with:
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

  **Endpoint URL**
  ```
  https://mcp.apify.com
  ```
:::

## Configuration

:::info

> Note that you'll need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your system to run this command, as it uses `npx`.

Reviewer 2: Is this true? Why can't we use the remote server?

:::

<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
    1. Click the <PanelLeft className="inline" size={16} /> button in the top-left to open the sidebar
    2. Click `Extensions`
    3. Click `Add custom extension`
    4. On the `Add custom extension` modal, enter the following:
       - **Extension Name**: Apify
       - **Type**: Streamable HTTP
       - **Endpoint**: `https://mcp.apify.com` 
    5. Click `+ Add` to save the header
    6. Click `Add Extension` to save the extension
    7. You will be taken to the OAuth screen
    8. Navigate to the chat
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="cli" label="Goose CLI" default>
      <CLIExtensionInstructions
        name="apify-mcp"
        type="http"
        url="https://mcp.apify.com"
        timeout={300}
      />
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Example Usage

> The Apify MCP server connects Goose with [Apify](https://apify.com), a platform for web scraping and automation.  

Reviewer 2: Pls let's change this:

The Apify MCP server lets you connect Goose to [Apify Store](https://apify.com/store), a marketplace of thousands of read-made tools (called _Actors_) for all kinds of web scraping, crawling, and data extraction use cases.

In this example, Goose will find an Actor for [scraping LinkedIn posts](https://apify.com/store/categories?search=linkedin) to perform a quick research.
